---
layout: default
title: CFP
---

# Call for Participants


The SaTC Aspiring PI workshop (**May 4-5, 2023**) is open to current and soon-to-be appointed faculty and industry professionals who qualify for submitting an NSF proposal to the SaTC program. Participation in the workshop is limited to invitation-only. To apply, **please submit all application materials by March 8**. In addition to basic information, we also ask applicants to provide supplementary material during the submission (in PDF format), including:
* NSF-style CV (as generated by [sciencv](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sciencv/))
* Personal Statement that briefly describe your professional background, area(s) of interest, and previous experience applying for NSF grants, if applicable. Statement should be no more than one (1) page. 

If invited to the workshop, you will also be asked to prepare a 2-3 page executive summary of a research project proposal (prior to arrival) that will be developed and expanded as part of the activities during the workshop. 




**Please Note**: Submissions and executive summaries will not be made public, even in the case of accepted participants. These materials are asked by the organizers solely for the purpose of making invitation decisions and to enhance the workshop experience. Decisions will be made subject to availability of space. Though applicants of all levels of experience are encouraged to apply, should the number of received applications exceed the number of available spaces, priority will be given to junior (or soon-to-be junior) faculty members first and those who have not previously received SaTC funding.

**If selected, participation in this workshop will be fully funded, including travel, meals, and other accommodations**.

<div class="reg-link">
<a href="">
<button>Applications Open Soon</button>
</a>
</div>
